Rename `cocotb.external` and `cocotb.function` (#4054)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/4053.change.rst

> ``cocotb.external`` and ``cocotb.function`` have been renamed to :func:`cocotb.bridge` and :func:`cocotb.resume` better represent their intended function.

Author: ```suggestion
``cocotb.external`` and ``cocotb.function`` have been renamed to :func:`cocotb.bridge` and :func:`cocotb.resume` to better reflect their intended use case.
```
